Release Notes for Java Version 3.54.0 (#471)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

## 3.54.0 - September 23, 2021

> [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.54.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

Reviewer: Point to slightly less outdated Javadoc (`3.51.0`)

```suggestion
[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.54.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/0d9c3f5f8d874f99a32444910d7a3504/1.0/en-US/index.html)
```

> ### New Functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known Issues

- We are aware of the vulnerability [CVE-2021-37137](https://www.whitesourcesoftware.com/vulnerability-database/CVE-2021-37137) that affects [Netty](https://netty.io/news/2021/08/16/4-1-67-Final.html) in version `4.1.67.Final`. Unfortunately, however, we are not yet able to resolve that vulnerability due to [an issue](https://github.com/netty/netty/issues/11691) with the `4.1.68.Final` release of Netty, which prevents projects from compiling. We will update the related dependencies once the build issue has been resolved. In the meanwhile, consumers of the SAP Cloud SDK do not need to worry about the vulnerability as it affects only internal and deprecated modules that are not recommended to use.

### New Functionality
```

Author: Thanks for adding this 👍🏻

### New Functionality

- Applications that use an **IAS** binding instead of XSUAA are now supported out of the box.
  - Incoming JWTs issued by IAS are validated and decoded
  - In case no JWT is provided the SDK defaults to the zone ID of the provider tenant 
  - Destination & Connectivity service can be accessed on behalf of the IAS tenant (via zone ID)
  - IAS tokens can be used for Principal Propagation and User Token Exchange
  - Under the hood the SDK now uses zone IDs to pass tenant information to IAS (and XSUAA, see also the note under "improvements")

### Improvements

> - Internally the SDK now passes the tenant information via zone ID (instead of subdomain) to the OAuth2 services XSUAA and IAS
> - Resolving the provider tenant no longer requires an internal HTTP request. 
>   Instead, the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable will be parsed at runtime for the necessary information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  The SDK now passes tenant information via `zone ID` instead of a `subdomain` to both XSUAA and IAS OAuth2 services.
- Resolving the provider tenant no longer requires an internal HTTP request. 
  Instead, the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable will be parsed at runtime for the necessary information.
```
